>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We're gonna do
this one just slightly different.
In the fact that we're going
to have a challenge but
I want to service it as soon as possible
so we can kind of follow along.
And as I'm kind of doing this, that you
can kind of type along and code with me.
So we're gonna do this a little bit more
play by play, a little bit together.
So, first thing's first.
Go ahead and we're going to
create an ItemsSearch component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Then what I
want you to do is just add that
to the HomeComponent template.
And from there go to this bit.ly link and
just start pulling things out,
dropping it in.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so I'll leave this
up until everybody gets the bit.ly link up
and then I will go ahead and do it myself.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What this is going to
do is save us an extra 20 minutes from
having to go through and
create a totally brand new component
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So does everybody have
the bit.ly link?
So what I would do is actually just jump
to the end, put that in the browser.
And then once everybody has it set up,
I'll actually pull my computer up and
we'll do this together.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So give me one
second while I do my own Pre Challenge.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Items search snippets.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right,
it's all here, thank goodness.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: ng g c.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If I
type something stupid,
please,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Call me out.
items-search.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: How does this look,
good?
I think this is what I had in my notes.
I don't know, we'll see.
All right, then we'll go to
the home.component, we'll add this in.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And then from here,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We
just fill the center real quick.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Mistake or what?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Good.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And one more step,
and then I think we are good to go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's check this out.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right, so, great,
we have the site of the search component
and we are going to wire this up and
do some interesting things using durables.